I want to make an internal automated pr review ai bot that will run on github actions. for thos we can use opencode for running the agents. the github workflow should trigger when a pr is created. the ai agent should follow a step by steps procedure for reviewing it, then post findings in a defined template into that pr. workflow should also send a review summary on a slack channel from the github action workflow itself.

the step by step procedure and template should be passed into the opencode agent when it starts running. need configuration to use openai model provider but with custom base_url for openai api sdk (like groq) with opencode.

i researched on it using preplexity and gemini research mode and have the research present at docs\context
they also have examples and guides to proceed with it.

analyze the reports, crosscheck what makes scense and can be implemented.

then proceed to make a detailed plan for developing and delivering it to client. the goal of this is to optimize and make PR review faster. so when a PR is created we need to trigger the ai PR review (on github actions) -> run the opencode agent with PR review agent prompt and guidelines (as mentioned in perplexity report) -> find critical gaps / improvements similar to what we are doing in 'docs\context\skills\code-review\SKILL.md' -> create a PR review report (md comment and md file) in a defined template -> post it in the same pr -> extract the summary from the report and send it on a slack channel
the template should target to make the work of the PR reviewer easier. point out critical gaps, mention what changes, what was checked and what the reviwer should look into. (take references/inspirations from perplexity report and docs\context\skills\pr-draft).

draft a multi-phase plan. example phase-1: create initial github action with opencode, groq api, custom agent. test with some mock code in this repo and creating a pr for it. phase-2 improving custom nstuctions and defining templates. phase-3 slack integration. phase-4 refining.
the plan must have descriptions, references and well defined to-dos and scope.










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